Add/Update Cmdlet Docs (#11229)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/New-CsTeamsCustomBannerText.md

---
Module Name: MicrosoftTeams
title: New-CsTeamsCustomBannerText
author: wblocker
ms.author: 
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/teams/New-CsTeamsCustomBannerText
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-CsTeamsCustomBannerText

## SYNOPSIS

Enables administrators to configure a custom text on the banner displayed when compliance recording bots start recording the call. 

## SYNTAX

### Identity (Default)
```

> New-CsTeamsCustomBannerText [[-Id] <Guid>] [<CommonParameters>]

Reviewer: it seems this is missing Text and Description parameters

```

## DESCRIPTION

Creates a single instance of a custom banner text.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1

```powershell
PS C:\> New-CsTeamsCustomBannerText -Id 123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000 -Description "Custom Banner Text Example" -Text "Custom Text"
```

> Creates an instance of TeamsCustomBannerText with the name CustomText.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example creates an instance of TeamsCustomBannerText with the name CustomText.
```

## PARAMETERS

### -Id

> The Identity of the CustomBannerText. You do not need to provide an Id as the backend will generate it for you. However if you wish to provide your own ID, you can provide your own GUID. Please note that you have to provide a unique ID for every CsTeamsCustomBannerText you create.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Identity of the CustomBannerText. You do not need to provide an ID as the backend will generate it for you. However, if you wish to provide your own ID, you can provide your own GUID. Note that you have to provide a unique ID for every CsTeamsCustomBannerText you create.
```

```yaml
Type: Guid
Parameter Sets: Identity
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams
Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Text

> The text that the tenant admin would like to set in policy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The text that you would like to set in the policy.
```

```yaml
Type: String
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Description

> The description that the tenant admin would like to set to identify what this text represents.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The description that you would like to set to identify what this text represents.
```
